hey guys worry David Frankie here from
DeFranco gaming yes you were not seeing
things this is the real thing I am
recording using my Blackmagic Design
intensity pro capture card as well as my
astro a40 2013 headsets guys you have no
idea how frustrated I been these past
couple of months but then again maybe do
you know how first should I was because
I've been ranting like a mother on
facebook not that mothers rent I just
say like a mother for everything you
know I eat like a mother I rant like a
mother I play xbox 360 like a mother
okay hopefully I don't play like a
mother but no offense intended anyway
you're probably wondering what my setup
is okay first of all I have my astro a40
2013 headset by the way I'm just going
to stand on this map and explain
actually I'll just walk around and show
you the map i made this is obviously
hello for by the way forge called car
dealer too okay so i'm using astro a40
2013 headset and I have the mic directly
going from the headset the mic cable
going directly into a logitech USB audio
adapter that i bought off amazon for
like thirteen dollars or 16 whatever was
totally worth it it splits the cable
into a microphone input as well as
headphones output so that works via USB
that's plugged into my mac pro and then
i have the expo on the astro a40 2013
mixamp powered via USB on my xbox 360
and the optical audio is coming from my
360 into the mixamp so I've USB and
optical only mixamp itself coming from
that 360 and then an audio cable
three-and-a-half millimeter coming from
the headphones port on the front of the
mixamp going into the mic in on my mac
pro on the back of it using the line in
software I'm redirecting the line in
audio to my USB audio
adapter to my astro a40 2013 headset you
got it it's not that complicated but it
sounds complicated and honestly it's
very frustrating but point is it's
working and if this video makes it on
YouTube well then I guess you can say
success I'm not going to show too much
of this map but expect a future video
that's eventually well guys I'm so happy
I'm falling out of working so i can
finally make the videos I've been
wanting to make these past couple of
months you may be wondering why I'm no
longer using a desktop Michael honestly
I don't want to have to sit in front of
a mic and worry about it being close to
my mouth me with this the actuary 40 is
literally sitting on my head and it's
fine now of course I don't have the
amazing audio quality that I had before
but as you can hopefully here it's
definitely good enough what did I put up
here spartan laser now rocket launcher
makes sense because that's kind of like
a secret location just go around here
real quick then i'll probably wrap up
this video but anyway guys I'm so sorry
for the delay seriously I'm a quality
control freak so I'm pretty sure you can
imagine how mad I was getting over this
I mean
incredibly incredibly frustrating I'm so
glad it's finally working for now anyway
hopefully I don't have any hardware
glitches where's up here you can say hit
the Mantis which is amazing by the way
the only downside is the audio I'm here
on the headset is slightly delayed by
like half a second something that's
gonna affect the gameplay but what
you're seeing on YouTube should be in
real time but anyway guys if you do have
any questions regarding blue I'm gonna
kill myself there any of the hardware or
accessories or anything i'm using to
make this video possible just let me
know and again i sincerely apologize for
the wait now don't expect 5 videos a
week on the franco gaming like i do over
the creative one because that's my
primary channel this is a very what's
the word relaxed channel maybe expect
one video week one video every two weeks
five videos every two weeks whatever
it's going to completely random but
definitely expect more videos than i
have put out in the past few months and
that has been zero I checked my Twitter
account and it said my last video upload
was like 192 days or something like that
either way it was just something insane
anyway I'm not going to spoil too much
of this map but again it is called car
dealer too and if you want to download
it you can go in my flower share just
search my gamertag blurred pixels I was
gonna say did that work it did it's a
mirror see right there actually if I do
this watch
boom anyway um yeah just search my name
blurred pixels on the file share and you
should be able to download this map
alright guys I'm done thank you so much
for watching thank you so much for your
patience and thank you so much we're
ongoing support seriously your patience
means the world to me alright you can
tell i miss the guys because i'm talking
away too much see you later